Implemented (Good) Broyden (#416)
google/jaxopt: docs/root_finding.rst

  :toctree: _autosummary

    jaxopt.ScipyRootFinding

Broyden's method
--------------

.. autosummary::
  :toctree: _autosummary

    jaxopt.Broyden

Broyden's method is an iterative algorithm suitable for nonlinear root equations in any dimension.
It is a quasi-Newton method (like L-BFGS), meaning that it uses an approximation of the Jacobian matrix
at each iteration.
The approximation is updated at each iteration with a rank-one update.
This makes the approximation easy to invert using the Sherman-Morrison formula, given it does not use too many
updates.

> You can control the number of updates with the ``history_size`` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can control the number of updates with the ``history_size`` argument.
```

> Furthermore, it uses a line search to ensure the rank-one updates are stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, Broyden's method uses a line search to ensure the rank-one updates are stable.
```

Example::

    from jaxopt import Broyden

    def F(x):
      return x ** 3 - x - 2

>     broyden = Broyden(optimality_fun=F, x0=1.0)

Reviewer: fun=F

Reviewer: The initialisation should go in `run`. Please ensure that the example runs correctly :)

Author: So sorry about that, they run now

    print(broyden.run().params)

For implicit differentiation::

    def F(x, factor):
      return factor * x ** 3 - x - 2

    def root(factor):

>       broyden = Broyden(optimality_fun=F, x0=1.0)

Reviewer: Same
